  
  
# Day 1  
  

It's scary how young volatile mind can just shift whole view of world.  
From glitterypast- grotesque ugly past --> slight okay past--> Rich meaningful wide experince (TODAY PRESENT) past cause everything was changing so rapidally  
FOR HOW LONG I BELIEVED EVEN TILL NOW MY CHILDHOOD WAS HOLLOW AND EMPTY which it wasn't IT WASN'T!  
The story has reconnected and the path is connected again, water is flowing down again, THE STORY WHICH Just diverged and got broken in middle has found a way to flow back to its old ways.  
I was thinkin gof phrase THIS TOO SHALL PASS and i was writting list of pHSAES OF MY LIVE THAT HAS PASSED ebfore i knew it i was writting just everything and slwoly slowlly the holemoley feeling came back tome.  
I feel i am kind of at home even not full but kjind of  
  
THIS TOO SHALL PASS - It’s not happiness or sadness but just meaning & beauty which is independent of either.  
YOUR LIFE IS TOO BEAUTIFUL FOR YOU TO BE HOPELESS OR DEPRESSED. IT DOENS’T MAKE SENSE.  
Abhay & Ayush & Me running around in class in circle throwing water at each other.  
Sugar Mill the fatepost place was stranded.  
There was naala and place where we can sit during wait  
In rain waiting under the shed for the bus  
The place which got crushed by Arpit’s tree behind saransh bhioya hous eAND US UTILIZING its bricks for something else.  
Refilling baloons wo didnt burst with air  
Minecraft type game (saransh bhiya cousin america talk about it)  
AYush was first one to get minecraafty in tablet in night dangerous  
Bargaad tree in middle gully aka AYUSH’S OLD HOME, if sweet eat under it === death  
New year party in the place which was end of ayus gully.  
In place end of ayus gully you can see banna type trees and other trees where did told us stories of ghost and we were freaking out like crazy  
Badminton , cricket play in that end of gully - THERE WAS GARRAGE THERE WAS A CORPSE.  
Also hide and seek in house near end of gully WHERE THERE WAS a secret circular (SQUARE) type space saransh bhiya and i was present there maybe  
SELLING AUNTIES & UNCLE TICKET for LUCKY DRAW —> Sanjiob Bhiya & babita bhabhi wasi t? I will never marry.  
Table tenis and chess play with AYUSH long into the night.  
DINOSAUR EGG in CJC  
Jamun wala ped (Kake bhiya home side and club)  
Devansh bhiya home  
Kake bhiya home  
VARNIT BHIYA HOME & GAMES  
VISHU HOME  
ASKHAY BHIYA HOME GROUND & MOVIE TALK  
Shahtooth walal ped  
How abhay going to differnet class changed dynamic  
HOw i became and lost monitor-ship.  
GOing to church to get book  
Rabbit in CJC & disapperance  
Writting names in copy cause with 100 names you get wish from santa  
Meenu mam  
Pushing ayush off bed  
Harveer uncle shop  
Remember reading POWER OF SUBCONSIOUS MIND  
Shop left of harveet where photoprint and stuff  
Barber shop in front  
Sister teaching us maths  
How parth bhiya went away and he was talking about giving power now to me there was tushar bhiya too. I was actually happy about him going away (power dynamics change)  
Trying to bring ayush back into studying  
Playing in jeep.  
Tatasky rewards try win  
Money collect for phone.  
‘How i got wound on my knee and wasnt allowed outside, ayush came to me and played at my house and wound reponened again.  
Uuuch nich ka papda  
When Akshat bhiya went away and i wasn’t allowed to see him off, i had to go to school, i cried praying to idols (statue) in mandir.  
How studying of studying together doing writing with Ayush ended in night  
How my dry days at Christu Jyoti Convent High School ended.  
How Arpit went away.  
Making ghost clips  
Making backflip clips.  
First trip and it too ending  
How sarthak saharash went away  
Taking otu cycle from vbehind door o f bahpat house and calling arpit from behind oor.  
Angaan (behind door) place of SARANSH BHIYA, ARPIT, DCO UNCEL  
CHECK POST OFFICE ABANDONED BUILDING.  
Posting letters from chepost office.  
PLAYING KBC GAME WITH THAT DID Who came in that home and her father died, we played KBC.  
Paan masalla  
Saransh bhiya garage play  
My garage okay  
Our neugbour garage-my garage and tree play  
Ayush rian tree branch hit  
My home, home swing that gets attached to hook swing when below wa snaala water.  
Sitting on takhat in rain. Making water boat on rain  
Paper-water balloon.  
Decorating club for party WITH BALLONS, JHALAR< etc.  
Puppy in club  
SQuirrels in club  
Ladybug collecting in polythene  
Butterfly catching  
Saransh bhiy and me helpin gbird one time it disappeared they suspected a cat ate it OR MAYBE CAT ate the FISH he owned.  
Water pebble that expands sucking water  
Dog chasing me in bahadur uncle home way and bahdur ungel game get  
Naali fall while jumping over first wall then nali dfuriing and get dirty mom scold  
How that baby (siddharth) was it? We plated with DCO uncle and he went away.  
How the club started.  
Divyansh bhiya knows how to cook and his sister is a teacher, he was talking about his family income total in lakhs soon.  
Cricket 10rs ball from harveer uncle collect money  
Cricket bat getting their V teared off  
PLay chees.  
Playing carom using its backside.  
Sanikk exam give and prepare baghpat.  
Sumo water throw  
Pink Ruabzaa drink stanford  
INjection Stanford  
REFRESHMENTS in school days  
Teaching Dadi and sleeping wit hdadi  
Jumping on floor different shades baghpat.  
TV SMALL IN DRAWING ROOM  
FIrst time tv big in bedroom.  
Dilemma between bedroomTv and Computer one thing choose.  
Store baghpat  
Drawing god painting from middle room baghpat.  
CDS In ALMARI OF drawing room  
SANJEEV JI CLUB teaching us xyz stuff  
Madman in sugarmill run, fully naked, climb into GM Sir house try  
Science kit baghpat class 5th  
Collecting motors, screwdrivers and other stuff trying to build a HELICOPTER.  
Aunty giving us sweets and fruits free.  
And those festival where eat chana puri and halwa  
Eating GULGULE  
AFter school throwing water at AYUSH in EXAM TIME  
After school throwing water at devrath  
CJC TUG OF WAR  
ADVNETURE DAY 5th Class All alone in beginning unsure END OF DAY= ENJOYED  
6th or 7th c lass adventure day from 2nd floor awesomne too.  
Bomb throw from school rooftop, in toilets and pop in classroom  
Ayush smartphone bring and SST mam being okay with tit.  
Shwetab mam going waay we gave her gifts.  
Esha mam went away in 5th class  
How competition of Poster in club was?  
How preparing for dance with Saransh bhiya was like. He taught has chakri and craze for stunt  
Mandir, Prashad Wait  
Class 5th  
How Sumo and I running dynamic in class 5  
How fun esha mam was  
How acknowledged and warm I felt in 5th class.  
How that science teacher I liked in 5th class went away.  
How 5th class ended  
How rudra meet  
HOw rudra went away  
Taekowndo gian loose internist cycle  
Climbing wall of club using the pipe , BEING ON LOOKOUT FOR GAURD UNCLE AT TIINRAHA  
That maid(Dolly aunty)’s kids home near mandir road.  
Running cycle there & SAiling wind  
Running way from dog on cycle.  
Breka and chain of cycle RAILING OFF and putting it back on. Ayush gear cycle, saransh bhiya’s big tired cycle  
How harsh meet and how ended  
How time with Daksh. Library, teaching him trigonometry ended  
How fun was it for robotics to start,  
How tragic was last time YET ALL TIME IN BETWEEN STILL SEREN  
HOW we started ASAS youtube channel, stickman and stuff  
How i started making games and ended  
How talking about money from freecharge and stuff was like  
How COC started and came with tragic end  
Chuha Chuut ki bimari  
Sun moon land water  
Cards Game (WWE, Avengers, …)  
Business (Maybe AYUSH had)  
How my days of playing hide and seek ended  
How my days of  
BEES COVER WHOLE SKY IN STANFORD  
BEES COVER WHOKLE SKY in baghpat.  
Rescue Squirrel baby and we have to put them back, ants were eating it.  
Akshat bhiya nd me were raising puppy-INJURED of Kali wali Kutiya BUT SUMMER/Winter VACCATION went away and he died.  
How badly i waited for Saransh Bhiya nad Ayush to come back from vacations  
Summer Holiday Homework  
Winter HOliday Homework  
Robtoics in playground swinging it was loosing gaining loosing gaining momentum  
Dark night when come back from trip and it looked so cool, I came back with AYUSH (i think)  
Kunal trip shoot lasers in eyes of people.  
SARANSH BHIYA bring to school ON ___ Day WHRE LUCKY PRIZE  
ANNUAL DAY WITH kunal that bhukaad ate my money’s stuff.  
Saransh bhiya show —idli fry– seeing i went HIS SHOW an was scared of being forced to talk OF WHAT HAPPENED TO PENCIL?  
Shreya Didi  
JInny Didi  
I wanted ayush to not go to manali AND go with me, DAKSH was with me YET i cancelled my trip  
Dynamics after Ayush's father's death.  
Dussehra with Vedant Bhiya MAKING RAVAAN  
Making Ravana with saransh bhiya ^& Ayush 1  
Making Ravana with saransh bhiya ^& Ayush 2  
How club parties were.  
Gulping down Icecream with Aysuh  
Making Rangoli on Diwali  
Jumping with ayush from an jumpy baloony structure  
How dynamics changed after Ayush went away  
How unsatisfyingly my goodbye with everyone was BUT BUT I really like that Devrath and Kunal walked with me far distance from home to see me off.  
HOW AYUSH didnt CLIMB on TOP OF houses but how i did with Saransh Bhiya.  
How Arpit tree fell down  
How tree in fon t of our house was cut and how walls were made in place.  
Watering Roses.  
The MOVIE PARTY (nightmare elm street,....)  
The POOL PARTY  
Wifi first time  
Whatsapp first time  
Normal messages with Nikhil Nain  
BUilding home for puppies  
Building Mandir  
Drawing forArpit’s sister  
Nikhil sir draw lie fake  
Painting show sketch book others.  
Holi in bus stanford & colour hide  
Sumo home visit  
Wolf painting draw  
Agrim Bhiya CCO uncle  
Agrim Bhiya CCO uncle house behind swimming pool dig  
VEdant bhiya games play  
Priyal did DOG game PLAY  
Priyal didi beyblade  
Hotwheels collection  
Class5th White bus AC come and go  
Swimming Pool DM house  
How playing PUB-G started and ended  
How peacock see while walk  
After exam waiting at akshat bhiya home  
After exam waiting at Saransh bhiya HOME FOR PARENTS.  
Saransh bhiya’s home  
Ayush Home he was watching Koi Mil Gya, pluto now big i was scared  
Ayush Old home - pluto small  
How Ayush called out to me when i was cycling in morning from his home  
How group with Leo, Monil (Laser), Atul, etc started ended  
Getting free MONEY STUFF in pubg in dada dadi home  
New Pizza SHOP in Baghpat  
Going to GYM  
Participating with lakshay  
Robotics prep, science lab bunk class  
VIDEO GAMES  
Tekken 3  
RoadRash  
Game where we drop sun and moons  
MiniClip Games  
GTA VICE CITY  
GTA SanAndreas  
Asphalt 8 on windows 8 first time, windows 8 SOOO COOL  
SIX GUNS  
Mortal Kombat  
CS:GO  
Six Guns  
EGG & AIRSHIP GAME where you cross universes do  
COC  
Shadow Fight  
Dragon Legend  
Roads Royals  
ZOmbie Game  
Batman Arkham Knight  
cheat engine,  
sonic,  
mini-millitia,  
special forces group 2,  
Minecraft  
MOVIES/Cartoon/etc  
Resident Evil All Parts  
world war Z  
Nightmare on elm street  
28 weeks/days/. Later  
The Ring All parts  
Annabelelle  
Pokemon  
Idaten Jump  
The dark knigh  
The batman move  
Dr Strange MovieS  
Spider Man Movies  
Shinchan  
Creature 3D  
Thor Ragnarok  
The movie with AYUSH on last day saransh bhiya net  
Motu patlu  
Mighty Raju  
Spiderman Ultimate  
Spiderman …  
BAndbudh aur budbak  
WISH  
To share and show baghpat house with someone special as it means special thing to me.  
Making Ravaan with friends  
Doing Patake experiment  
Making Rangoli  
Ayush meet and maybe rekindle flames he have lost sight of  
Building kind of castle 3d model type with ART  
  
  
My firendship with Ayush was true and fulfillin he may have forgotten just like inethe flow of things but i can rekindle it all back in him NO it ALL WONT HAPPEN AGAIN but it will be beautiful  
  
QUestions To Ask Saransh Bhiya - How was baghpat compared to RAMALA? was it more fun or boring?  

  
  
# Day 3  
  

Yesterday i learned father has ienrolled me in MOTION & its kind of infuriating to seem him DO THAT without my permission & it's all like the ALLEN admission he did ealrier too .  
It will affect my physical Strength goals BUT IT'S OKAY  
I will have Personality Devlopment & Stories advantage & an identity in future to hide myself behind in future too

  
  
# Day 5  
  

tommorow is my physics exam and today there was drilling going on and then room messy. Father was first nagging about newspaper. Taht uska natak abhi bhi chledga (NEWSPAPER WINDOW COVER TO SLEEP). after hour room was still emss, broom was on ground and people oging in and out. I asked mom to finish whatever work was left here. I have to study. Father again start to PREACH "Oh~You have to learn how to study like this in this environment". In an condescending tone, he doesnt have the sensitive body andmind to understand this in first place AND EVEN putting that aside He himself have never once done an achievement i will say is worth admdiring. he doesnt even have any credibility or an scholar =ly record in study to teach me how to study. I again told my brain doesnt woirk like htat. i want to study. He again started spewing arrogance filled words in condescneding tone saying to me. "He said i am listening", I responded "NO you arent listening to me you're teaching me." "He then started to cry and startign saying ot me YOU'RE JUST FRUSTATED"  
HIS CHILDISH ATTITUED AND ARROGANCE WAS something that caused him to get into trouble in first place.

# DAY 17
Today in sambar-idli, the chutni was diluted to water, i got little angry.
Why father also does this water in chutney? (Previously he had done water in subji? water in chola, water in all.)
I also asked mom to dissolve all vegetables in Sambar but father prefer more stern vegetables.
Instead of listening what is my actual concern, he started to teach that you dont get dissolved vegetable anywhere.
I pointed out hypocracy that he wants everything watery, water in chutney, water in __ , yet here he says non-watery.
I tried asking him TELL ME WHAT’S EVEN THE POINT OF WATERY VS NON-WATERY?
(*My question’s aim was to make him realise, that non-watery & non-dissolved vegetable add an texture to dish, by different combination you get different type of taste, i like to dip in thick chutny because of texture it gives, water makes everything too uniform, some chaos and some order in food is what makes food interesting.
Even pizza’s outer edge which you may not enjoy as much serves a role otherwise it will feel too boring, simply one taste.*)
Now he instead of answering goes int o denial
You dont have brain, god forgot to give you brain.

# DAY 22
I just remembered why i created drama for scar to not sully name of  father & said to myself. it’s okay i was annoying as child but now i felt little angry. 
Animal guise of human.
Mom telling me not doing anything for mother’s & father’s day reminded me why. First Ni hero, Second Si demon - need people around me to give me Se, yet noone her, on top of it all abuse.
They actually lie DRY, PATHETIC, DEAD lives & want me to be an insect like them OBVIOUSLY they wont appreciate my colors

# DAY 25
today i just remebered just how much hollow husk of person they have made me. I dont have any goals or dreams or things i want to do.
It will be best if i could die & i cant do that so i have to just WORK SO SO damn hard to feel normal human. Just for menial stuff i have to work so hard,
AND what hurts me is i had everything & my potential, personality & everything would have bloomed so much if i was given right environment. I would have been so much happier & fuller person.
Even if i get out of here these brusises will hurt and wont heal.
Hope really really looks so dim & almost i know that i am going to fail and what is waiting for me is more or less a bleak future, but i still want to exist and try.
It’s really painful, if there was an surgery that can remove my dependency of other humans for emotional state i would have done, my body isnt supporting me, i am trying and willing, yet my body itself punish me

# DAY 30
I was reprocessing why didnt i wanted to go to kota later date,
Throughout hildhood in all schools (CJC, stanford, GRM, JPM (even for short while)) - everyone was part of sub-culture, a normalcy of sort & i didnt felt like i was PART of THAT COLLECTIVE, even though i have individual bonds I felt lack of connection from collective & now when i will go to kota i will feel that same dissonance, atleast if i get hance to go in beginning i will have position of power & define contours & explore together with other humans who too are in new environment. WHEN you combine with crippling depression, there is no way my individual power will allow me to do anything, i would have literally start crying anytime, i was hoping i can just loose myself in the flow, a new flow & forget the old, YET i lost that opportunity