A man sails through the air, tumbling down

towards earth after being pulled out of an airplane.

As he plummets, his life flashes before his eyes,

and he knows he’s as good as dead.

Diving faster and faster, he watches the ground rush up to meet him.

Moments away from death, he closes his eyes

bracing for the impact, but it never comes.

The next thing he remembers is waking up in the hospital.

Glad to be alive, he thinks about his two previous near-death experiences,

but little does he know this isn’t the last time

the dark spectre of death will reach out to touch him.

No, this is the story of the world’s

luckiest unlucky man, and the 7 different times

he cheated death.














































1. She flopped back into sofa and wriggeled her butt into cusion, getting comfy
2. She flopped back into sofa as her body sank into cusion.
3. Beneath her apperance lies an adorable personality, Although (it seems like she is)/(she seams) to be glaring at people, she's actually just nervous around people.
4. It looks like she is nervous - **She seems to be nervous** 
5. W-w-w-what the...
6. Wha..? 
7. F-First of all...
8. E-err
9. EEEEK!
10. P-Pheraps this person ....is protecting me...?
11. She is glaring at me!
12. Aah... it's her from before
13. Eh, what should i say?  I'm sorry!!
14. She didnt follow me on the spir of the moment, right?
15. What did i even do to her!
16. I just changed to this school, so i wasnt sure about the whole way to get here.
17. B-But you could have used your smartphone to figure out the way just fine.
	Eh, smartphone? you can do something liek that with it?
	Oh please don’t lie to me, i know you would have done just fine without my help.
1. Alright see you tommorow
2. Sorry for troubling you, you really save me.
3. Ah, well if you want, i can show you around sometime 
	Please, lets do that
	E-Err senpai, If its okay with you, can we go to school together tommorow?
19. I am heading in that direction towards library, how about you Takano-san?
20. When i sit down to take a break , my ***eyelids*** ***became really heavy***
21. I fired myself up to greet people but i ended up coming off as awkward
22. They are all really fired up for the olympics/sports-day
23. Is there something toubling/bugging/on-your-mind?
	Well... what can I say.
24. It's not half-bbad. Dont worry about it.
25. Its one of the cheapest sword and it aint half bad
	Food here isnt half bad
	Its not really half bad with sugar in it
	For a second choie, not half bad
	the recorded version isnt half-bad etiher.
26. I feel like I got it for a moment. 
27. For a moment i thought there would be a divorce
28. I shall practice my smile at home too.   Yeah, do your best!
29. Hey, listen. big bro?
	You should knock first
	Yeah, yeah. It's fine. Just listen
	She messed up her first greeting.  
	I messed up, i would probably get fired.  
	She didnt want to mess up her hair. 
	THey really messed up, especially the boys
	She's afraid, she'd mess up on the test
	Her childhood was really messed up.
30. I dont know much about the exact situation, but there are rumors circulating around that..
31. Oh, she got unusually into it.
	My firend is really into anime/shopping/mario but i hate it.
	I'm into Mozrat/Guys with dark hair and blue/gree yes
	Are you into sword-play/anime/Karav-maga?
32.  Can i touch that!?
	E-Eeeh!?
	...
	Y-Yeah.....
	.....It's okay.... but....
	Really!? Thankyou!!
	Well then, excuse me...
33. You arent thinking about (anything weird)(tring anything funny) right now, right? 
	No, no, no, that's not it all
34. It feels comfy, yet your belly's resilience is outstanding.
	It should not be too plush or comfy
	Here, guest an relax on comfy sofa/blanket
	Luna loves/adores bright comfy clothes with animal prints.
	I took a shower and changed into comfy pajamas.
35. A-And then? 
36. Well... you just touched her abs, was there soemthing after...?
37. There's a place i would like to checkout today... Sir Hero, if you dont mind, wont you go with me?
	Lets checkout the royal library
	And chek out (our list of best books)/(splotches of the red)
	From fancy eatries to casual gorments heck out these 8 hotels/
38. Ah...Yeah! That's fine by me.
39. Would you come with me to the repe shop again sometime?
40. There are still places i'm too scared to go alone.
41. It's fine i enjoyed this too.
42. Dont you think it's ***too early*** for that.
43. By the way, where are they?
44. It's the man-eating women!!
	Urgh!  The sound came from the kind who fell down while he was trying to run away.
45. It looks like you took care of misunderstanding just fine.
46. It's understandable why you wont like
47. Many creatures besides human beings have thrived without them **and continue to do** so just fine.	 
48. _ _ _ _ _ will work/do just fine
49. Guess that girl's the transfer student (~~girl is~~ girl's)
	**Guess that meek boy's the new pet.** (~~boy is~~ boy's)
50. She is giving off a slightly different air compared to others
51. Eh, well, this is a problem.
52. N-No, I am/must-be  imagining/hearing/seing things...
	- (I'm sure glass wasnt here a moment ago)/(When i went to the door there wasnt anything there) . I must be imagining things.
	- She swears she heard someone opening the door, but i think she's just imagining things.
53. Those eyes... they are evidently radiating hostility towards this direction.     
	- Haah... What the heck was that...? I felt like i was about to die....
	- Is she holding a grudge against me...?
	- Oh, no, no, no way.... Is she going to assasinate me..? N-No way, she's really going to assasinate me.
54. N-Nothing, I was just lost in thought...
55. Did you get it?
56. I wonder if she already got used to new environment.
57. The mood became really weird just now...
58. But ***that just now*** wasn an insane move, wasn't it?
59. No way, I shouldnt have expeted less of the one who has...
60. Um... I-I'm so sorry...
61. I can ask my big bro to teah you.
	N-no, no, no, no, doing with someone i'd meet for the first time is I-Impossible, Impossible, Impossible! 
	Ultimately I ended up... right in front of her house...
	E-Err, Kaour-san, You know, Today I, Um~-~
	This is the perfect time! Get in here.
	No way! Takano-san is my big bro's acquintance
62. Big bro went out to get us something to drink. He'll be back in a heartbeat
	- If he asks me to marry him, i'd accept in a heartbeat.
	- If i got chance to travel abroad, i'd go in a heartbeat
	- The adrenaline coursed through his veins, and he knew that he would do it all over again in a heartbeat if it meant ....
	- The stunning view took her breath away, and she knew that she would return to that spot in a heartbeat if given the chance.
	- As soon as she heard the news, she packed her bags and left for the airport in a heartbeat, determined to be by her best friend's side.
63. However, it seems/appears i have underestimated my big bro.
64. I'm going to watch it and return it to you afterwards.
65. Alright, let's call it a day.
66. Meanwhile this one said she'd join us, but she quitted **in a matter of seond**
	 The emergency response team arrived on the scene in a matter of seconds, showing the crucial role that timing plays in life-or-death situations.
67. What shall we do now?
68. Let's wth a movie, a movie!
69. Are you perphas not very good at dealing with scary stuff
	 Do you dislike girls who are not very good with anal?
70. Even though you are bad at dealing with this stuff you still manged to endure it.           
	*I... I tied my very best after all...*
	You've ordone it.
	Ahaha, sorry. i shouldn't have acted like that. I got arried away.
	The girl *was/allowed-herself-to-be* carried away by her pity/desires
71. Oh,<font color="#ff0000"> isn't that Yuta?</font> 
	***So what about it?***
	My sister's classmate who live ***across the street*** from our house.
	Bruno's little house is ***across the street*** from Herald
72. She is little ....quirky/distintive? But still a nie girl.
73. Looks like ther is some misunderstanding here but it would be pain in the ass to explain
74. Heh. You wanna steal a marh on me but that ain't happening.
	 - She knew that the key to success was to always stay one step ahead, so she constantly looked for opportunities to steal a march on her rivals.
	 - In a risky move, the company decided to launch their advertising campaign early, hoping to steal a march on their competition and establish themselves as the leader in their industry.
75. Sorry, I'm off for a bit. Please wait for me.
	Time to go. I'm off.
	I'm off - see you tommorow!
	Bye! I'm off to work
76. I don't know what i should talk about with him at all...
77. D-Did i screw up...?
	Get out! Havent you srewed things up enough already!
	I really sred-up this time, didn't I?
	There's been a screw-up with out hotel reservations.
78. That's no good!! Your clothes are wet, you'll catch a cold.
79. There's also the dirty mud. If you don't deal with it quikly you won't get it off!
80. No Good (useless, worthless, zero good)   *Not God (medicore or bad*)
	He is upto no good
	No good comes out from revenge
	This milk is no good, it expired last week
	Choclate is not good for dogs.
	I am not good with confrontations
	That chiken is not good
	Chicken is no good. it is smelling bad already.
	The dinner was no good, i have lost my appetite
	The dinner was not good
	Chances of Mary winning after already twisting her ankle are not good.
81. This film deals with some serious issue.
	Their salesperson is very easy to deal with.
	I'll deal with you later.
	Oh! Just deal with it, Jeff.
82. I'll deal with the construction problems at home -  you guys go on ahead to work
83. So what's the deal with that guy
84. Honey, I am so sorru... it really just hit me today
	I am so sorry about the loss of your friend
	I am so sorry for-everything/that-i-ruined-your-life.
85. If you are worried about (that/your-mom/broken-window) there's really no need to!	
86. Since yesterday's incident I became aware of something Takane san doesnt seem to be consious of the mood around her. She is low self monitor person who don't give muh mind to his own appearance.
87. Are you done here, Takano-san?
	There were some otehr people here at first but...
	At some point i noticed that i was the only one left here...
	Are you (coming)/(done with your work)?
	(Ah sorry, i still have some paper-work that i have to take care of.
	You should go ahead about me. I will be there soon
88. **Well then**, i'll go and get and get a book as well.
	Okay, **well then**, (you should go)/(let me help you)/(you should leave)  Very well then, I'll go.
	Alright, well then, d'Urbervilles it is.
	Very well then, the Vienna sumit must move from **words to deed.**
	But if i lose, well then, so do you.
	Very well then, we shall **seek an audience** with the sultan himself.
89. Very well then, i'll tell you
90. Okay, well then bring her in.
91. Will we make it in time?
	If we keep on running like this, we might just barely make it.
	D-Don't mind me. You an go ahead...