**GOAL END= Daily time set & Randomly do revise all this, imagine doing everytrick here with every person you knew in an SIMULATED CONVERSATION or AN MEMORY TRY JUST CHANGINE THE WORDS YOU SYA, HOW YOU LEAD THEM, say it everyone in all context to all people until this is second nature to you.**

AS HUMAN YOU ARE ALWAYS IN TRANCE, what matters is level of **FOCUS** & **ABSORPTION** but is the trance helpful for you to do what you want,

Laughing - Tension Release or Defense mechanism
"You can't install certainity in others by yourself being uncertian" WHEN IN DOUBT- just keep talking, as long as you keep talking, unconsious will listen. Like Te Dom's 

Emotional doesnt mean you're broken. You are doing something stupid.
You are afraid that if you do let the emotion go, you'll forget the lesson and cycle will one time repeat.

Metaphor is way to install an understanding/procedure in subconscious mind directly.

Have them self-validate everything cuz they'll word harder to be consistent

Cant open eyes without increasing attention

Install desire & cultivate it, amplify it, create suspence, THEN GIVE THEM (MAGIC RING STORY)

Words come out of mouth = Tell where they store that stuff. 
And if while talking they look over there while they explain, you can also hold a paper/body-language from there to towards yourself so they asssociate/link that thing with you and they'll start to see you in this way.
The place where they hold hand while refering to something, you also hold you hand in that direction while referring. (DONT CONCSIOUSLY DO IT, YOU DON'T NEED TO) (EVEN IF THEY DID TO ACCESS RECALL OR CREATION on right/left it doesnt matter.)

IRRESTIBLE INFLUENCE
1. Authority - other may show passive aggressive.
2. Attractivity -  desire for validation, to be liked
3. Affinity - people like those people who are like themselves, to be part of group
4. Compliance - Some people are suggestive to everything you say cuz they dont want to think for themselves

Visual, Auditory, Kinesthetics, Olfactory, Gustatory(Taste)
We focus more on tonality of voice not words.

**Law Of Compounding** - if one of your suggestion is accepted, that increase likelihood of next being accepted. opposite is also true, one suggestion rejection leads to more decrease in likelihood.
So always start from asking low then slowly escalate, make them say yes, yes, yes and then keep increasing slowly subtly (ex- story of do you know meditation to remove) (ex- when you emotionally blackmail.)
With every suggestion the first one gains more and more weight, the latest one has least and the more lower in stack suggestion. more weight it has.
YOU TAKE ONE IDEA AND YOU NAIL IT AGAIN & AGAIN


Anything that pressuoposes trance becomes trance, so as long as you play-pretend you are in that emotion/feeling/memory it will become trance. you'll enter that child like state. GET YOUR BODY INVOLVE in the memory, trail the edges of the desks, tables, look around people, get KINESTHETICALLY INVOLVE in PRETEND (like to access pika state you NEED pillow, and that feeling flows in you) **OH GOD PIKA STATE is trance you have trained your body to enter**

Think of your experiences as floating frames/images in reality, trace it edges, make it bigger MORE VIVIDER, more depth, more texture., AMPLIFY AMPLIFY how real it is. Spin IT. THIS CREATES SEMANTIC BRIDGE.

Nothing is real, not physical experience, nor the imagination

IT IS DIFFICULT TO MOVE PAUL FOR ME by pushing, he resists CREATES REACTANCE to MAINTAIN **AUTONOMOY** (This is our choirce, make them feel they accepted this ) (ex- story of do you know meditation to remove. YOU MAKE THEM agree, say yes)
If you create situation where there is no Paul or no David, just one entity, where paul doesnt feel manipulated, i can move him, through synchronization. i walk paul walk, i bend paul bend, **if i *connect my center of gravity* with his center of gravity, synchronize, *match vibration* (that's why the phrase vibing)** - 
Your NERVOUS-SYSTEM naturally tries to do this.
FILTERS ON BRAIN are based on VIBRATION.

There is difference in doing something to somebody & doing something with somebody, YOU CREATE Unnecessary barrier that ceases you from using power of your subconsious

**BEFORE SLEEP, GIVE YOURSELF SOMEHTING USEFUL TO CHURN ON, CAUSE BRAIN WILL PROCESS IT MAXIMUM**

Try to imagine your computer as 360* holographic desktop.
Pick all less than +ve experience and move them to recycle bin.
Let feelings emotions things to comeup and move them to recycle-bin.
Toggle open hidden files, send them to recycle bin.
Fill your 360* holographic screen with only good experiences, revolving around you, tab as bigger as they can be.
Throw those memory in firepit, see them burning, how that feels, that energy that is released as they burn, releasing light 
**IT'S ABOUT ABSORPTION in experience**

ISNT'T IT AMAZING, YOU REFUSE/DEVALUED caleed lot of +ve-memory as fake, you unvalidated them all. YET NONE, not even single one of -ve memory of negated as fake? always and always it was +ve ones?

**CHANGE THE MODALITY-TONE of image/experience YOU WISH TO ET RID OF. Tweak it, change it, little by little & repeat it over and over agian. CHANGE THE PITCH/TONE/VOICE/AUTHOR of VOICE you hear** 

**Communicate to them in their meta-program**
YOU TELL POEPLE WHAT THEY SAY, EXACTLY IN SAME ORDER, **IN SAME TONE & MODALITY OF VOICE OVER AGAIN** 
THIS IS WAY TO MATCH MAPS WE HAVE
When we fight with someone often, its just our map doesnt match
When we have close affinity/friendship with someone our maps overlaps

**WE GET MORE ENERGY IN LOOSING SOMETHING WE ALREADY HAVE THAN WE GET GAINiNG THE SAME THING**

When you create suggestion - do it in present or present progressive - EVERY DAY AND EVERY WAY I AM BECOMING MORE OF MY IDEAL. Hold it @45* & REPEAT IT LOUDLY IN YORU BRAIN. TALK ABOUT things yo uwant not what you dont want, what oyu want to quit. BUT WHAT YOU WANT TO GAIN. not to resist hunger BUT MENTAL POWER TO REMAIN UNAFFECTED.
**YOU ARE ASKING YOUR SUBCONIOUS MIND TO ALIGN IN A WAY TO WORK IN THAT WAY, TO MANIFEST THAT RELAITY. like its not like when you ask your brain  to wake me up @3 and your eyes opne at 3 that brain just rings an alarm loud & you wake up at 3 BUT EVERYHTING, your body process, your sleep cycle, energy, all align for you to WAKE UP @ 3. WHOLE WIRING & BODY ALIGN**

**LEAP INTO FUTURE, IDEAL & THEN FRON THERE TRACE STEP BACKWARDS. Imagine ideal body, what was the stage before that & before that and before that, all the way back to here** 

There are certain details that brain fills in story to make sense of a communication.

**Feminine language is too subtle to stimulate a guy, Masculine language is too blunt and abrasive to intrigue a women. Fastest way to turn-on women, is not to go there directly, but go through tangent to there, slowly subtly, NOT DIRECT, but take a tangent swirl around then to finale**

