Day2
I had dream where I WAS CALLED TO SUYASH’s class - for complain against him IN STANFORD.
As i was walking back from his class to my class(6th-class). There were so many teacher on way whose names i forgoteen yet i was able to SEE THEIR FACE almost perfectly (Rashmi mam, Big-thick-Hindi-mam(also taught Sanskrit)), principal mam, science mam(Not anushka mam, nor monika mam BUT THE OTHER ONE). I felt like my soul was being purified as i was walking towards my classroom - all the weight was being lifted off my shoulder - the weight i have been carrying for so long that i felt that it was always like this - i have such such -ve view of my past YET now i think IT WAS MORE THAN THAT but i only remeber the negative I HAVE FORGOTTEN ALL GOOD ALL MAGIC. Negative was small portion YET? WHY? it feels as if whole dish is spoiled & rotting.
I REALLY SO SO BADLY felt that thought was envoked in mind in that instnat in dream - IF I STAYED HERE FOR LONG I WILL BE CLEANED ONCE AGAIN.

IN class4, class5,class8th I AWALTYS FELT LIKE I SHOULD WRITE TODAY IN JOURNAL & PAST - I AM **FORGETTING** against my will. I should remeber this. Especially in class8th i felt like its one of the happiest moment of my life.
I actually was able to relive that feeling even it was brief - just few seconds & i may have become fully purified.
I now remember why i felt stanford loss so deeply - FOR THE FIRST TIME, I FELT LIKE I HAD PLACE TO BELONG - i kind of knew everyone (Which was never true at sugar mill or else. i had close friends goood feeling - but i felt like i was stranger & wasnt intergrated with everyone like Ayush & Saransh-Bhiya some is my nature & other is my parents teaching me to keep distance from piche wali gali wale bache. IT’S SO INFURIATING - FOR SOME STUPID **BCHEE BIGAD JAYNGE**  instead of putting me in place where i will be more connected, they just give me alientation & I could not become truely connected there until maybe it was CLASS8. My other friends knew everyone well & were close & i felt such pain due to that.
And also my father saying that these kid will come/ tehy will not ome - Allk that made them treat me lill MORE distant )
Its so painful to think that that was maybe last time i felt equanimity & i may never crawl out of this OR MAYBE IT
I have really really forgotten what it was really like to be happy & equanimous.
WHY IS HUMAN BODY LIKE THIS? Why i am so dependent on these social structures, WILL I COME FREE?
I AM SURE THERE IS MORE - IF I OVERCOME MYSELF - SELF-RESPECT