Emotions acknowledgement wanted not saying they don't matter

Do you really believe in this palm reading?
Look at my face what do you think. 
Yes I am really passionate about astrology?


I feel like I need i restrict my anime intake. It makes me loose all desires. 
Desire for friendship, to grow, to achieve, to do things.

*My will is to get along with fellow people
Just **love peace haemony***
I have felt homosapiens if left to their own devices will form wrong images and project then in me. 
So instead of them creating an image for me. I will create one atleast that is better.
And nurture them from there to show complexity. 
And therell be no need to do the with human who have capacity to understand me. 






26 may 2023 is today and i watch led episode of
I got a cheat skill in another world and became unrivalled in real world too. 
And how should I put it.
I feel so alive, so beautiful and meaningful this world is.
I can't belive how i forgot this beauty, this happiness
And wasnt the feeling of movesuke and zero goddess something that tears the world apart. 
My soul is so full




















Went for penile thingy
All in head they said. 
I told story, I was sttutering little since I didn't prepare nd int knew which words were proper, however they seem to taken all this is as I saw my penis as limp stuff, gone into shock, and that shock is cause of all this. 
I told sometime erect but most time *I feel lust sensation but no erection and sometimes hardness but little.* (They don't have that sensity of body so it's better to belive as imagination. Later mummy revealed that mama ji had told her same thing that it's all mental)
If they had listened to my words carefully hed understand what I mean to say = hardness little is little reaction but no full.
*however their interpretation fanatsy since it's age thing comparison blah blah I have been through much much much worse to point I don't mind drinking posion if they d offer it to me and now I will get shocked?*
I had erection but not strong and I feel my *finger sinking backside of penis* (maybe blood not flowing properly there - on net video there was mention of leakage artery backside penis that causes ER)
For them lights disturbing me during sleep is fantasy me covering windows with newspaper to block.sunlight is fanatsy.



I have been addicted to masturbation for so long and me suddenly not getting erection and not feeling aroused easily is wrong , I have been super lustful and I know all about my body better than them.
For it to sudden go through this stage of no erection and no lust is wrong. I have to earn money so I don't have to rely on these arrogant heads who know all right things for me.
Father - Penis use as long as u can pee okay. That person lost kidney blah blah 
He ain't a man I can respect. 
And didn't he joke to my mom about her being defected.
Has passed off her fracture in shoulder as part of her disease even when doctor result has come.
And when she was pregnant she said she can't feel baby kick he didn't listen for so long and when she xriein roim then he went doctor scolded mom for not comming earlier
Nothing he has done and will/can do is worth my respect.
Penile doplar




T







In end everything is barter system and humans use other humans to get meaning, emotional ejaculation, etc. We gauge and keep people around on basis of their utility to us.
However we can't think of ourselves as parasites who extract from others, we need meaning we need to believe truity of bonds so we delude ourselves by calling it love friendship, best-friends,etc.
*I don't permanently feel this is exchange however certain people and people saying certain things triggers this in me* 
**I think this feeling is result of maybe childhood -ve experience where I felt left out however they all come back again once they need thier fill again.**



Smile like that and hold that smile for 3-5 min remembering memories till you automatically transition to estp aspirational.
Just think of pranking, playing, pushing everything around for fun just pure fun interacting with real world.
What is this? What is it's use?

I just don't trust to be wise enough. 
Not flowering perceptional-seeds that may hurt me.



Philosophy 
Two realities 
1) experiential where i live and experience 
2) is logical frame with which i may see reality 
Now i think of it like if a sharp blade cut my hand deep 
Rwality1 - i will feel lot of pain and can't think 
Reality2- just how nervous system and signal sending works.
Reality1- will keep person who it considers sacred and pure
Realitu2- will keep person who it considers useful 
If sacrisity of person is lost then he become a person who is useful.
It's only sacred things that are irreplaceable. The useful things can be replaced.
Value (a meaning circuit i want to rip of but i cant )
*Everything human bonds, friendships, experience, object ALL IS JUST a trade game, mutual exploitation. HOWEVER i think there is sense of sanctity/divineness/purity we attach to some special humans in our life that makes them above*
Don't turn me into a bad person. I am not hurt/angry/jealous/.. what i feel is BETRAYAL.
The sanctity (holiness, sacredness, purity, god gift) which i will hold you will get tainted and my feeling circuits may turn you from an sacred-being for me to just 
Replaceable person. 



Not self think but others

I don't actively play sports but i am not really against playing but i will not be able to play same game on repeat many times.

Maybe i think i will enjoy some martial art sports. In school i did taekowodo for small time.
There I was really disappointed 
I hoped to learn some tactics
But i didn't felt like i really had to exert myself nor much chance to live out that brutality and agression.
Nor i felt i was getting any stronger.
I mean what's even point of kicks even if someone is high level belt.in kicks you can deliberately takes kick at angle where it will be Lil temporary pain then just exert brute force to test them.
What's point of these fancy nsmes.
I will like to try martial art again, if i got the time.


Reason why i felt that bff trigger emo. Cuz Of feeling of = one of entertainment house.
+sacridity assigned by self on spots.
If have to explain self then first establish no contact future don't get attached to entertainment realise they are entertainment source to self as self is to them ACTUAL DEPTH VALUE DON'T ALIGN




How was i in school.
Now i have been 3-4 school and my plain focus and positions were different so answer is complicated.
I was diligent student.
In maths i was impeccable i need very little to no practice.
But language subject i was bad and i really tried but didn't understand why i can't get marks in it as naturally as others do for some reason. 
Grammar error silly mistakes, missing things etc.
I think now i understand that i am overly hyperactive ib pattern detection that's why i was so good at maths but i think pattern detection come at cost of ignoring small details therefore i never had threshold amount of information to get grasp over grammar and silly mistakes too just ignore small stuff.




It's so easy to become ungrateful and forget all other has donr by ickpng and holding fee thingd they did negayive



With arpan stuff weren't you suppose to point out right path for human being for frien (remember and see card)) and not just be reactive emotionally. 


Inferior se
Not remembering switches houses
Where things are supposed to be.
It clicked t me on class 12 my mom's eyes are brown i never knew that.


You need noyhing of things world you found out in jpm.
Yub never lacked anything nor needed anything.


I consider myself to be 4yrs behind what my creative pursuits and  technical skill level






Physics - aim discover psuedo logics and new connection that u never thought about

Maths - patterns recognition & finding why you couldn't detect the pattern where u hyperfocusing on wrong thing?

For physics lines should be practice for maths it isn't practice. It's pure pattern and pattern recognition.

In physics you shouldnt look behind for answer cuz asking urself question while solvin problme helped me wah off pseudo logics and discover new connection in right order.
In maths if you don't know path to answer in 40-50second it's okay. As long as u discover from solution why couldn't u know the path instantly and how would u have known path instantly which few fundamental things/patterns u should have in mind that u would have solved answer instantly. 
And even if you knew answer instantly which thing are in your ram which alloed u to solve and which thing are in your hardisk.
U have to write down RAM thing so u can reread it later.
Reason for short-sightedness
Trick or paatern or personal-theorm or philosophy.
I almost see mathematics of jee as tables from  1 to 10 but this time noone told you table exist they just taught u multiplication and teacher may sell u tricks by saying when you see 7x3 directly write 21 don't sum it. So teachers may have given 30-60% table.
But it's also possible that even in known you know 7x3 but it's equal to 21 didn't click because in front of u was 3x7.
Solving question aim is finding table and finding situation with 3x7 and remembering it.
Either now u can deliverately look for more tables 
Or maybe you can solve lot of question then tables will automatically get memorised.
But don't think the time u spent calculating on finger was of any value it was time waste  cuz they'll ask u timetable on exam 


My penis head was blue I was scared. I tested it first with finger but oculdnt tell if it was my finger feeling penis or penis feeling the finger.
I picked up an wiper and looked above and hammer it gently.
Then oh god no hairs are said to be dead yet u can feel 

